README.md, before:

# Professional README Generator

## Description
This application is designed using command line interface in order to create a README file for your repositories. Within this application, users are able to get a better understanding of how this application works, the installation process, and how other developers may be able to also contribute to a project.

![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MITLicense-brightorange)

You can access more badges and their purposes at [shields.io](https://shields.io)
## Table of Contents
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Testing](#testing)
  * [Questions](#questions)
  * [License](#license)
    


## Installation
    
  _Follow these steps to properly install this application:_


  In order to run this application, you would need to install three dependencies: inquirer, fs and util. You would do this by running npm install (name of dependency installing). By installing the inquirer dependency, you will be allowing command line interface to read question prompts needed to create a README file.


 ## Usage

  _Instructions for use:_


      To use this application you would run the command node index.js in the command line interface. You will then receive prompts from the inquirer package that will create sections and dynamically format your README file.

      
## Contribution

  _If you would like to contribute, please adhere to these guidelines:_


  Developers may utilize information provided within this file for their own projects, however modification to this project is not permitted.
        

  ## Testing

_Instructions for testing application:_


    Testing will be available soon.
      
## Questions
      
  _For further questions:_

  Please feel free to contact me at the email address provided should you have any questions and or additional feedback.
  


  _Contact Information:_

  GitHub: [javiscarr](https://github.com/javiscarr)


  Email: [Javis.Carr@gmail.com](mailto:Javis.Carr@gmail.com)

  ## License
      
  _This application has the MIT License._
      
  For more information please view the [license description](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/).

Commit message:

add video and gif to README

README.md, after:

# Professional README Generator

## Description
This application is designed using command line interface in order to create a README file for your repositories. Within this application, users are able to get a better understanding of how this application works, the installation process, and how other developers may be able to also contribute to a project.

![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MITLicense-brightorange)

You can access more badges and their purposes at [shields.io](https://shields.io)
## Table of Contents
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Contributing](#contributing)
  * [Testing](#testing)
  * [Questions](#questions)
  * [License](#license)
    


## Installation
    
  _Follow these steps to properly install this application:_


  In order to run this application, you would need to install three dependencies: inquirer, fs and util. You would do this by running npm install (name of dependency installing). By installing the inquirer dependency, you will be allowing command line interface to read question prompts needed to create a README file.
  
  ![we can code this gif]
  (https://media.giphy.com/media/fwbZnTftCXVocKzfxR/giphy.gif)

 ## Usage

  _Instructions for use:_


      To use this application you would run the command node index.js in the command line interface. You will then receive prompts from the inquirer package that will create sections and dynamically format your README file.

![Video demonstration showing the completed README file]
  (https://vimeo.com/666176906/45e40a3007)

  [Demonstration video](https://vimeo.com/666174229/21e3ec7af1)
      
## Contribution

  _If you would like to contribute, please adhere to these guidelines:_


  Developers may utilize information provided within this file for their own projects, however modification to this project is not permitted.
        

  ## Testing

_Instructions for testing application:_


    Testing will be available soon.
      
## Questions
      
  _For further questions:_

  Please feel free to contact me at the email address provided should you have any questions and or additional feedback.
  


  _Contact Information:_

  GitHub: [javiscarr](https://github.com/javiscarr)


  Email: [Javis.Carr@gmail.com](mailto:Javis.Carr@gmail.com)

  ## License
      
  _This application has the MIT License._
      
  For more information please view the [license description](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/).
